README.md update (#118)
CDCgov/cfa-immunization-uptake-projection: README.md

3. Get a [Socrata app token](https://github.com/CDCgov/nis-py-api?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-started) and save it in `scripts/socrata_app_token.txt`
4. Cache NIS data with `make cache`
5. Copy the config template in `scripts/config_template.yaml` (e.g., to `scripts/config.yaml`) and fill in the necessary fields

>     - data: specify the type of vaccine data in terms of: rollout time frame, grouping factors including geography, demography (domain_type, domain), and vaccine type(indicator_type, indicator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - data: specify the type of vaccine data in terms of: rollout dates, grouping factors including geography, demography (`domain_type` and `domain`), and metric (`indicator_type`, `indicator`).
```
We should be careful with our language here. "Time frame" is vague; date is concrete. "Vaccine type" confused me, since `vaccine` encodes the vaccine (covid, flu) while "indicator" is the metric

>     - forecast_timeframe: specify the start and the end of forecast dates, and interval between forecast dates (*d).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - forecast_timeframe: specify the start and the end of forecast dates, and interval between forecast dates (using the [polars string language](https://docs.pola.rs/api/python/dev/reference/expressions/api/polars.date_range.html), e.g., `7d`).
```
